the water and the blood of all our people
ancestors we send what they want
these two old ones coming these two
tantalites know humans a lot
better than anyone else
and of course much longer
good evening my name is winston and I am
I call georgina we were both born more
700 years ago on the island that is found
in the heart of the pacific ocean
all these years it happened to us
meet many human beings who have
stolen they killed and destroyed every
thing
many many times and we left that
happen
and precisely because of this we have
lost all our home marta
unfortunately no longer exists where once
flowers of all colors bloomed
now the head
the invitation that once vibrated with the air
5 of a thousand varieties of birds
now there is only silence where once
the forks the creatures of the ocean
every form of the game played between the routes
life is distinguishing the galapagos la
our wonderful home are now little
more of a horror film from my dark and
oily the whole world is nothing but a
horrid enough dark black and oily all
apart from this place but if you don't
you will do something to stop them too
this way will remain only a stain
deserves what is not like a thief who
he comes at night and I take away from the earth
in what outside
and here is like a snake feeding
of its own comfortable to survive
but the triad does not belong to man e
that he is a tiny part
there was no place to weave the web of
life on earth and I am one of the children
of the landslide in all of us
we share the same breath la
fog rising among the green
lush of forests coolness
the breezes of the rocky mountains the
scent of the wind after the rain
the plants men and he animals
what man does not understand and that
what inflicts on the earth in the end it
inflicts on itself and when one day
will have been destroyed and the animals
they will have been crushed or exterminated
He will reign on earth man alone
then also i
it will disappear from the face of the earth
well a very thin consolation for him
now because all of you will soon perish
if you don't decide to defend me against
mankind
my dear
you made a beautiful full speech
of wisdom
certainly because the thoughts I gave
voice
they were your words exceed whatever
Thought and in any case nothing of what I have
say
you can match the years spent with
all our dispute
it was wonderful
well so good
damming